{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cooling Fan Failures 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 If one motor cooling fan fails, a non-critical fault alarm is raised. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 If two motor cooling fans fail, one from fans 1 and 2 or one from fans 3 and 4, a non-critical fault alarm is raised. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 If two motor cooling fans fail, both fan 1 and fan 2 or both fan 3 and fan 4, a critical fault alarm is raised. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 If any three motor cooling fans fail, both drives are tripped. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \cf2 Propeller Shaft 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The propeller shaft system is made up of different sections, connecting the propulsion motors to the propeller. The sections of shaft are connected by meansof sevenflanged couplings securedwith hydraulically tightened bolts. The sections are as follows: 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No.1 intermediate shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No.2 intermediate shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No.2 motor shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No.3 intermediate shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thrust shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No.4 intermediate shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Propeller shaft. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The shaft is supported by eight bearings in order to preserve the alignment and prevent excessive stresses developing. Pedestal bearings are provided for the inboard part of the shaft and a seawater lubricated stern tube bearing is fitted wheretheshaftpassesthroughthehull. Thebearingsareasfollows: 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Aft stern tube bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Forward stern tube bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thrust bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Motor 2 aft bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Motor 2 forward bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Intermediate shaft bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Motor 1 aft bearing. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Motor 1 forward bearing.\uc0\u8232 An inboard stern tube seal is provided to prevent water from entering the hull. Where the shaft passesthrough the watertight bulkhead between the two propulsion motors, a bulkhead seal is fitted. A 40mm disc is fitted betweenthe No.2 intermediate shaft and the No.2 motor shaft to enable shaft disconnection between motors/compartments. \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 To transmit thrust from the propeller to the hull, a thrust bearing is fitted to the shaft. The thrust bearing and shaft pedestal bearings are oil lubricated. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 The shaft is provided with an electric motor-driven turning gear which is engaged and operated as required for maintenance purposes. A start blocking system prevents the electric propulsion motor from being started when the turning gear is engaged.A shaft locking system is provided to hold the shaft and prevent rotation; the turning gear can be damagedby the action of water flow onthepropeller bladeswhich will causethepropeller, andhencetheshaft, to rotate. This locking systemis for usein anemergencyandpreventsrotation of the shaft and propeller should there be a failure of any part of the system, The locking device is also interlocked with the propulsion motor operation. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 All bearingshavetemperaturemonitoring utilising PT100sensors 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Propulsion Motor Bearing Jacking System 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Eachmotor bearing systemhastwo Lubrication Oil (LO) jacking pumps. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 The motor is fitted with bearings which utilise a hydrostatic jacking system for slow speed lubrication. The bearings self-lubricate above 55rpm.When operating at slow speeds(below 55rpm) and when stopped or when ready for starting, the jacking oil pumps operate. The jacking pumps are stopped when the rotor speed reaches 65rpm and the pumps restart at 55rpm. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 The bearings are monitored for oil pressure and the jacking units have monitoring for ratedoil flow, low oil flow andcloggedfilter. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 Bearing oil sump temperaturesby RTDs, DE and NDE.\uc0\u8232 \'95 Bearing oil level monitoring by level switches, DE and NDE. \'95 Bearing hydrostatic oil flow by oil flow switch, DE and NDE. \'95 Bearing hydrostatic oil pressureby transmitters, DE and NDE. \'95 Bearing hydrostatic oil filter monitoring, DE and NDE. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 The NDE bearing is insulated from the ship\'92s structure to prevent excess electromotive force transient currents present in the shaft from being transmitted into the bearing. The DE bearing is not insulated. There are shaft earthing brushes fitted at the DE bearing to shunt transient currents to earth. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 The propulsion motors, thrust block and shaft bearing lubrications systemsare describedin the lubricating oil section of this manual. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 If a failure or lack of pressureshould occur, the propulsion control will switch overfromtheactivepumptothestandbypumpandanalarmwill beraisedand displayed. One of the pumps is supplied from the normal supply and the other from the normal and the emergency supplies. In case of blackout, the system switches in the pump that has the emergency feed. 
\f1\fs24 \
}