{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p> There are two main methods used for propulsion of merchant ships today: steam turbines and\
      diesel engines. Sail and steam reciprocating engines are long obsolete, and nuclear power,\
      while used for some naval vessels, has been found to be impractical for merchant ships.\
      Recently a few ships have been built with gas turbine propulsion, but it is not yet common. </p>\
<p> Over the last 40 years, diesel propulsion has displaced steam propulsion as the dominant\
      method of merchant ship propulsion, mainly because it has higher fuel efficiency, but also\
      because it is easier to automate, requires less maintenance, and can be operated with smaller\
      crews \'96 all factors leading to operating cost reductions. Nevertheless, steam propulsion\
      remains important, if for no other reason than it is the method we use aboard our training\
      ship <em>Kennedy</em>. Also, steam power is used extensively in industry and power generation\
      ashore, and the skills developed by a steam engineer aboard ship find high demand in the\
      shoreside job market. </p>\
<p> In this chapter we will discuss steam propulsion and the steam cycle. The steam cycle is the\
      thermodynamic process which marine engineers use to transform the energy contained in the\
      ship\'92s fuel oil or <em>bunkers</em> into the power to turn the ship\'92s propeller and supply all\
      the other requirements necessary to move a steam ship from one point to another. We will begin\
      with a discussion of a very simplified version of the steam cycle, which nevertheless\
      illustrates all the important principles of its operation. Later, we will progress to a more\
      detailed, practical, and efficient version of the cycle, which more closely represents the\
      cycle used on other steam ships. The function of each of the components of the cycle will be\
      briefly described here, and in more detail in later chapters. This cycle described here is not\
      the only possibility, but it is representative, and it provides a good foundation for further\
      study. </p>\
}