{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 artboard 13\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manufacturer: \
Type:\uc0\u8232 Model:\u8232 No. of sets: \
Rated: Voltage: \
Current: 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 No. of Poles: \
Speed: \
Weight: \
Protection: 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 GE Power Conversion AC induction\uc0\u8232 N3 HXC 1250 L/10/V 2 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 4,500kW 3,150V 1,035A 10 0-115rpm 57,500kg IP44/56 
\f2\fs24 \
Propulsion motors\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The two propulsion motors PM1 and PM2 are located at tank top level, PM1 located in motor room 1 and PM2 in motor room 2. They are tandem mounted driving a common propeller shaft which drives the fixed pitch propeller. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The motors are directly coupled to the propeller shaft without gearing and the motors can operate in both directions, the minimum speedof rotation in either directionisXXX rpm. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The motors and shafts are fitted with turning gear and a shaft lock. When either of thesetwo facilities areengaged,propulsion is blocked. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Eachpropulsion motor is fitted with two pulse generatorsto accurately measure the position of the rotor. This is for starting and operating the motors. Speed monitoring is from sensorsfitted to the toothed wheels on the motor shafts. 
\f2\fs24 \
Construction\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The stator core is madeup of electrically insulated sheets,bracedwith clamping bolts and rings and mounted in the stator housing. The stator windings consists of layered coils mounted in the open slots of the stator core. The stator is connected to two terminal boxes on the stator housing. The terminal boxes contain the current barsfor connecting the stator cables.The starpoints arealso arranged in two boxes at the front of the housing. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The rotor is comprised of a forged shaft with a shrunk on rotor body. The 10 poles are screwed onto the rotor body. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Motor Bearings 
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The motor is equipped with self-lubricated, sleeve bearings, equipped with hydrostatic jacking pumps. There are two jacking oil pumps for the drive end bearings and two jacking oil pumps for the non-drive end bearings, normally with one operating and one in standby. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Cooling 
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The motors are fitted with two air-water heat exchangers providing cooled air which is forced through internal cooling openings via four 440V 9.2kW electric-motor driven fans. This air is then circulated back to the coolers. In the event of a fan/fans failing, it is still possible to operate at a reduced speed. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 In theeventof failure of cooling water, it is possibleto operatethemotor with draught ventilation. The motor is provided with emergencyair openings in the coolerhoodandinthestatorhousing.Thelossofthecoolingfanswill causea \'91request for reduction\'92 signal to be raised via the control system. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 After stopping the propulsion motors, the fans will continue to operatefor a 30 minute cooling down period. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Each motor is equipped with anti-condensation space heaters. There are two 120V AC 1,650W electrical heatersfitted. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Thefollowing temperaturemonitoring sensorsarefitted: 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 Embedded resistance temperature sensors in each of the stator windings. There is one in use and one spare in each stator winding. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 Monitoring of internal cold air temperatureat the DE and NDE. \'95 Monitoring of internal hot air temperature\uc0\u8232 \'95 Monitoring of the two coolers for cooling water leakage.\u8232 \'95 Bearing shell temperature at DE and NDE. 
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 If any of the parameters of the monitored points are exceeded, an alarm is raised. If exceededfurther, automatic reductions in power or a shutdown. 
\f2\fs24 \
}