{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red60\green64\blue68;\red252\green252\blue252;\red234\green234\blue234;\red213\green213\blue213;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c30196\c31765\c33725;\cssrgb\c99216\c99216\c99216;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Pipe Union is a type of fitting equipment designed in such a way to unite two pipes which can be detached without causing any deformation to the pipes. Any kind of small diameter piping connections requiring a positive seal and easy assembly as well as disassembly are made with the help of pipe union. In other words, the pipe unions can disjoint two pipes very easily. They are widely demanded in the pipe fitting market.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 Union
\f2\b0  
\f1\b connectors
\f2\b0  separate into three pieces so you can access your line without unthreading pipe connections. They have a gasket that creates a tight seal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 The basic difference between a coupling and a union is that a coupling is for joining pipe to pipe or pipe to a swedge. A union is made for joining and disassemble of a part of a piping system (a steam trap or control valve, etc) for maintenance or replacement.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 Coupling and Adapter Fittings - Pipe couplers slip over the outside of two pipes to connect them, usually permanently. A coupling can be a reducer, or reducing coupling, meaning they reduce flow by joining a larger pipe to a smaller size. Adapters are used when connecting two pipes of different types. For example, an adapter could be fitted on the end of a plain pipe to allow a threaded connection at the other side of the adapter.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 Bushing Fittings - Bushings, sometimes called reducer bushings, are used for connecting two pipes of different sizes. The larger diameter of the bushing fits inside of the larger pipe. The smaller pipe is then inserted into the smaller end of the bushing.\cb1 \
\cb4 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb4 Union Fittings - Unions are similar to couplings in that they connect two similar pipes. With pipe unions, a nut or threaded ring in the middle of the fitting is tightened to join two pipes. It can be easily removed by loosening the ring to disconnect the pipes, while a coupling must to be cut out to disconnect.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf3 \cb6 A coupling is a short piece of pipe that connects two separate {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://punchlistzero.com/pipe-invert-elevation/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\b pipe sections}} together using a variety of methods. Some of these methods include soldering, welding, compression, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://punchlistzero.com/threaded-fasteners/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\b screwing}}. Also, couplings can serve to connect a pipe to a swage when a change in flow diameter is desirable.\cb1 \
\cb6 In practice, when a flow path exceeds the length of a single pipe, a coupling comes in to join both sections. In addition, whenever a pipeline undergoes {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://punchlistzero.com/pipe-repair/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\b repairs}} and needs replacement, couplings are what help to fit in the new section. Although screwing is one of the methods of installing a coupling, its purpose is to provide a permanent joint, with no foreseeable need for diassembly, unlike a union. There are three common types of pipe couplings in the industry.\
\
Pipe unions and couplings are both types of pipe fittings that join different parts of a flow system. However, a union makes it easy to separate and reassemble the joint from time to time vs a coupling that provides permanent connections. In this article, you will learn about pipe unions, pipe couplings, the differences between a union and coupling, and finally, frequently asked questions about union vs coupling.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs56 \cf0 \cb6 Pipe Union\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs34 \cf3 \cb6 A pipe union is a common connector that provides ease in installation and disassembling, unlike a coupling. Generally, a union consists of three parts \'96 a male end, a female end, and a nut. Both the female and male ends have threads internally and externally, respectively while nuts provide the sealing. So, each pipe section coming together screws unto the union and not each other. This makes it easy to detach and reattach a single connection without affecting other parts of the piping system. Although metals such as carbon steel, stainless steel, and alloys are the common materials for making unions, some are made from plastic. When this is the case, they prevent the occurrence of galvanic corrosion by isolating pipe sections of dissimilar metals.\
\
Although a union and coupling are both {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://punchlistzero.com/pipe-fittings/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\b \cb6 pipe fittings}} that connect various parts of a piping system, there are some basic differences between them.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs32 \cf0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamarb600 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7304\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7438\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \cb6 Coupling
\f0\b0 \cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamarb600 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7304\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7438\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 Provides a joint that is easy to install and remove.\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 A coupling is a permanent joint that should not to be tampered with.\cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamarb600 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7304\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7438\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 The use of unions is more versatile as they can serve for pipe-to-pipe, as well as pipe connections to other components.\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 Couplings are primarily for pipe-to-pipe connections. Thus, it serves as an extension of the pipeline.\cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamarb600 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7304\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7438\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 Generally, unions are deployed on threaded pipes. But larger diameter pipes use flanges.\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 Although couplings may have threaded connections, they also deploy in welding, screwing, and compression connections.\cb1 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamarb600 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7304\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clcbpat7 \clwWidth7438\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf8 \clpadt140 \clpadl140 \clpadb140 \clpadr140 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 In practice, unions are best suited to low-pressure applications.\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb6 Couplings provide more robust joints in high-pressure applications.\cb1 \cell \lastrow\row
}