{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p> The following steps describe the procedure for safely starting a centrifugal pump. </p>\
<p>\
   <term>Centrifugal Pump Starting Procedure</term>\
</p>\
<p>\
   <ol>\
      <li>\
         <p> Rotate the pump by hand to insure it is free to turn. </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> If the pump has a packed shaft and is to operate with a high vacuum on the\
                    suction side, open the seal water line to the stuffing box (if fitted with a\
                    valve), and the suction vent line to remove vapors from the suction casing. On a\
                    high speed boiler feed pump, open the recirculating line. </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> Open the suction valve and close the discharge valve. </p>\
      </li>\
   </ol>\
</p>\
<p>\
   <ol>\
      <li>\
         <p> Prime or flood the pump casing with liquid. </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> Start the pump prime mover. </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> As the pump comes up to running speed, briefly open the casing vent valve (if\
                    installed) to expel any air from the casing. </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> When the pump is up to its normal running speed, open the discharge valve.\
                  </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> Check the suction and discharge pressure gages to insure the pump is operating\
                    normally and make sure a packed pump shaft has a small amount of liquid leakage.\
                  </p>\
      </li>\
      <li>\
         <p> After the pump has run for a little while, check the casing, stuffing box area\
                    (on a packed pump), and the bearing housings for excessive temperatures. </p>\
      </li>\
   </ol>\
</p>\
}