{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\sb240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 The next stop in the steam cycle is the first stage heater. This unit contains two internal sections: the drain cooler and the first stage heater, in that order. Both of these sections helps improve cycle efficiency by providing additional heat to the condensate.\
This unit provides a form of <em>regenerative feed heating</em> which can be shown to improve the overall efficiency of the cycle. In regenerative heating, a portion of the steam from within the turbine is bled off before it has fully expanded. This steam, which is still quite hot, is used to preheat the condensate. Some shore power plants have four or more stages of regenerative heating.\
 <em>Low pressure bleed</em> steam is used as the steam supply for the first stage heater. The bleed steam condenses as it gives up its energy to the condensate, and the condensed bleed steam, known as <em>drains</em> is still hot enough to be used to preheat the condensate. The drains then enter the <em>drain cooler section</em> where the remaining heat is recovered, before the drains are returned to the system by vacuum drag to the main condenser.\
In some designs, the gland exhaust condenser is incorporated into the first stage heater unit as well, rather than a separate heat exchanger as we have on the <em>Kennedy</em>. In any event, the flow order through these three heat exchangers is always from coolest to hottest. Therefore the gland exhaust condenser comes first, followed by the drain cooler, and finally the first stage heater.\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}