{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p>The chemical energy stored in a battery is finite in quantity, and is measured as its\
          <term>ampere-hour capacity</term>. As electric power is drawn from the battery, the\
        chemical energy is depleted until the cells are discharged. Batteries are classified as\
        either <term>primary</term> or <term>secondary</term> depending on whether they are\
        discarded after discharge or are rechargeable, respectively. Most batteries used aboard ship\
        are rechargeable after use.</p>\
<p>\
   <term>Dry cells</term> contain an <term>electrolyte</term> in a solid or semi-solid state,\
        while <term>wet cells</term> contain a liquid electrolyte. Dry cells are commonly used for\
        low-power purposes, as in flashlights and other portable equipment. and as back-up supplies\
        for computers. Large, wet-cell <term>storage batteries</term> are used where higher power is\
        required, such as for starting small auxiliary engines, and as short-term power supplies for\
        emergency lighting and control circuits.</p>\
<p>The two most common types of wet-cell storage batteries are the <term>lead-acid</term> and\
        the <term>nickel-cadmium alkali (Nicad)</term> types. Generally, a battery is made up of a\
        number of cells connected in series, with each cell delivering 1.5 volts or less. The state\
        of charge of a battery is determined differently for each type. For lead\'95acid batteries the\
        charge is determined by measuring the density of the electrolyte with a hydrometer, while\
        the charge of the Nicad batteries is determined by measuring the cell voltage.</p>\
}