{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green128\blue214;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6100\c50000\c84000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sb240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs32 	\'95	all metal pipes & valves in contact with deionized water are stainless steel \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}deionized water to fresh water heat exchanger is a high pressure stainless steel plate design \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}close monitoring of the water conductivity, pressure, flow and leakage is provided \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}deionized water is distributed to PPS with high pressure, non conductive hoses. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Converter Cooling Section- CCU 
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 This section contains the converter cooling pumps and switching system. The cooling of the drive is achieved by a closed loop de-ionized water to fresh (raw) water heat exchanger system. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The system consists of two pumps, one normal and one standby; the normal pump will start during the auxiliaries starting sequence.The water cooling system consists of: 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 Two electrically in standby. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 powered pumps; one in normal mode and one 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 A resin de-ionizing cartridge.\
\'95 An expansion vessel to compensate for changes in pressure. \'95 A De-ionized water to raw water heat exchanger.\
\'95 Sensors for monitoring the pressure and temperature. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 De-ionized water is pumped through the cooling pipes and ducts of the high voltage sections to provide cooling. This water is then passed through a water to water heat exchanger and the heat from the de-ionized water is dissipated in the raw water. The de-ionized water is also passed on to the cooling pipes to the other HV cubicles. The temperature, pressure and the quality of the de-ionized water is monitored and the following parameters are checked: 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'95 De-ionized water inlet temperature. \'95 De-ionized water outlet temperature. \'95 De-ionized water pressure.\
\'95 De-ionized water conductivity.\
\'95 De-ionized water flow.\
\'95 De-ionized water leakage. 
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Parameter 
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3  De-ionized  water temperature alarm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized  water temperature ault 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized  water pressure L 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized  water pressureLL 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized water conductivity H 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized water conductivity HH 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized  water flow 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667  De-ionized  water leakage 
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Set point 
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 43\'b0C 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 45\'b0C 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 0.9 bar 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 0.5 bar 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.5\uc0\u956 S/cm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.9\uc0\u956 S/cm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 &lt; 80% rated flow 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 No contact 
\f3\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Result 
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 Alarm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Stop 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Alarm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Trip 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Alarm 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Trip 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Fault 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Limitation 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The active pump is started during the auxiliaries starting sequence.The pump is stopped approximately ten minutes after the AUXILIARIES OFF order is given; however, the pump will continue to operate as long as the main circuit- breaker is closed or the DC bus voltage has not discharged. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 There is a three-way bypass valve that can regulate the flow of raw water to the heat exchanger if the inlet or outlet temperature is under a set point depending on the ambient temperature, or when the main breaker opens after a time delay, to keep the temperature of the cooling De-ionized water at an optimum level. 
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The conductivity check is carried out even if the unit is switched off. If a high level of conductivity is detected, a de-ionization cycle is performed until a satisfactory level is achieved, so the cooling unit is maintained in a ready to start condition in terms of conductivity. If there is not an emergency stop in force, it will be automatically restarted.}