{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\pard\sb120\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 PIPE FITTINGS\
\
Pipe or tubing alone does not constitute a piping system. To make the pipe or tubing into a system, it is necessary to have a variety of fittings, connections, and accessories by which the sections of pipe or tubing can be properly joined and the flow of the transferred fluid may be controlled. The following sections of this chapter deal with some of the pipe fittings most commonly used in shipboard piping systems; these fittings include unions, flanges, expansion joints, flareless fluid connections, steam traps, strainers, and valves.\
\
UNIONS\
\
Union fittings are provided in piping systems to allow the piping to be taken down for repairs and alterations. Unions are available in many different materials and designs to withstand a wide range of pressures and temperatures. Figure 14-1 shows some commonly used types of unions.\
\
FLANGES\
\
Flanges are used in piping systems to allow easy removal of piping and other equipment. The materials used and the design of the flanges are governed by the requirements of service. Flanges in steel piping systems are usually welded to the pipe or tubing. Flanges in nonferrous systems are usually brazed to the pipe or tubing.\
\
EXPANSION JOINTS\
\
Expansion joints are used in some piping systems to allow the piping to expand and contract with temperature changes, without damage to the piping. Two basic types of expansion joints are used in shipboard piping systems: sliding-type joints and flexing-type joints. Sliding-type expansion joints include sleeve joints, rotary joints, ball and socket joints, and joints made up of some combination of these types. The amount of axial and rotary motion that can be abosrbed by any particular type}