{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \pard\plain<$Scr_Ps::0>\f0\fs28\sb240 You will also find another kind of pressure unit, which appears to be a length. These\
        units include inches of water, inches of mercury (Hg), or the height of some other liquid of\
        known density. These units, while measured in length units, still represent a pressure. The\
        length describes the pressure exerted by a column of liquid of the given height, and is\
        known as the <em>head</em>. For example, a pressure reading of 1 inch of water (1 in. H\uc0\u8322 O)\
        means that the exerted pressure is equal to the pressure exerted by a column of water 1 inch\
        high, or that a column of water in a U-tube would be displaced 1 inch by the pressure being\
        measured. Similarly, a reading of 12 inches of mercury (12 in. Hg) means that the measured\
        pressure is sufficient to support a column of mercury 12 inches high. What is really being\
        expressed (even though it is not mentioned in the pressure unit) is the fact that a certain\
        quantity of material (water, mercury, etc.) of known density will exert a certain definite\
        force upon a specified area. Pressure is still force per unit area even if the pressure unit\
        refers to the height of some liquid. \
\pard\plain<!$Scr_Ps::0>\f0\fs28\sb240\cf3
}