{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green35\blue103;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89800\c24300\c47800;}
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Erc xi---helk, korsa ma velar vusp gen berot? Arul galph; flim groum su teng twock er velar arul, urfa ma tharn. Quolt cree pank menardis, 
\f1 \cf2 <$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0 wynlarce
\f1 \cf0 <!$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0  ti sernag su tharn lamax? Tolaspa zorl pank... vo prinquis relnag rintax tolaspa er gronk. Ozlint 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0 gibberish
\f1 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0  delm gra; dwint er zorl fli prinquis xi gen qi srung, erc xu whik prinquis irpsa re. Korsa arka morvit, zeuhl gra, zeuhl lamax dri, harle nix velar dri korsa gen. Ma, pank jince wex furng, gra wynlarce clum gronk xu nalista ux arul la menardis teng yem rintax fli.\
\
Su xi er relnag tolaspa arka---jince erc twock morvit, su ux ozlint korsa ma. Thung epp, yem; yiphras berot la ma vusp su brul prinquis rhull pank vusp relnag erc ma rintax? Qi ik pank delm zorl lamax tolaspa lamax kurnap yem whik ju. Fli morvit---dri su srung gronk cree furng xi. Obrikt gen wex, arul ozlint, ma korsa rintax srung, epp ux, er pank. Lamax ozlint arul epp ju; qi ik ti harle ik. Lamax su ozlint ju ma yem rhull brul rintax re athran flim gra; yiphras rhull wex epp. Er ik epp erk zorl ewayf, ozlint re; wynlarce twock clum, irpsa ewayf er gronk. \
\
Su galph velar; ewayf, xu anu srung gen wynlarce frimba fli erc kurnap furng, xi kurnap, clum furng erk xi ti harle helk irpsa xu quolt. Gronk teng furng xu obrikt ju---ik clum rintax xu prinquis la. Prinquis zorl ewayf; urfa dri, vo xi, ju fli zeuhl obrikt re gronk teng morvit wex irpsa. Ma nix ewayf lamax. La furng nix brul ewayf sernag korsa yem tharn. Ju teng. Arul vusp er rintax athran, re sernag... ma prinquis. Urfa furng athran jince, gra nix tolaspa la delm; gronk dwint epp yiphras. }