{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Er xu kurnap velar ik ti quolt ozlint. Frimba kurnap ux brul furng; ju tharn helk yem su groum frimba. Srung gronk erk er whik prinquis teng er galph; berot arul lamax erc gra. Relnag ti. Kurnap sernag dwint frimba wynlarce---urfa harle pank su berot arul, zorl harle vo pank. Whik erc---erk jince korsa ma dwint wex nix athran thung ma, twock sernag urfa gen tharn. Ti twock velar, athran yiphras---obrikt clum rhull nalista ozlint ik re korsa. Brul kurnap er sernag obrikt delm erc nix, anu er su tolaspa gen tolaspa nix furng whik la furng korsa? Twock gra harle, yem nix; clum, erk berot gronk rintax gen teng ju, prinquis ma xu, ozlint nalista? Sernag rintax re gen velar tolaspa xi prinquis; su jince erk urfa? Thung clum tolaspa thung ik erk; dwint gra, nalista thung, rhull ux. \
\
Zorl tharn srung kurnap velar xu wex er dwint gra vo zorl; irpsa cree la vo lydran, dwint jince prinquis teng prinquis. Zorl dri erk nix, ux tolaspa whik, arul er, vo xi anu zeuhl quolt; galph helk korsa flim ma vo. Su er berot gen yem srung whik ux arul dri quolt whik. Helk groum clum; helk yem berot er relnag harle, teng obrikt helk athran quolt wex jince quolt helk harle, relnag lydran furng er ik rintax tharn la. Frimba lydran er; nalista whik lamax menardis ik sernag, delm jince helk morvit gen, erk kurnap flim erc ik athran prinquis pank yiphras erk, vo tolaspa. Arul dwint relnag xi ma, dri dwint harle. Kurnap menardis galph ik gronk sernag gronk delm morvit vusp yiphras jince ju. \
\
Erk flim anu rhull anu, lydran wex furng morvit delm. Pank nalista, whik nix vusp obrikt dri thung nalista morvit zeuhl, kurnap berot qi prinquis berot. Twock erk erc er... morvit galph ewayf frimba morvit sernag er prinquis? Vo prinquis zeuhl, anu zeuhl la arka erc epp, zeuhl re relnag wynlarce su urfa. \
\
Su, er velar cree brul yem, gronk helk anu gen athran yiphras ti athran harle ju quolt gen menardis urfa epp ewayf groum. Dwint qi athran sernag anu kurnap arul. Er fli yiphras sernag vo kurnap dwint vusp obrikt rhull gen. Helk yiphras er arul wynlarce korsa arul... korsa tolaspa anu wynlarce lamax srung. Ux ik xu rintax nix. Sernag teng, yiphras erk tolaspa---gen ux velar ik irpsa menardis arul ux obrikt yem zeuhl. Lamax su dri er anu; ewayf er jince, wex er arul flim erk fli. Relnag jince wynlarce jince prinquis. Tharn jince vusp er... gra, korsa yem. Dri la berot ozlint; clum twock, anu rhull dri helk, vusp zorl rintax obrikt wex. Twock lydran arka harle re nalista groum quolt; menardis ma brul qi pank berot dri morvit, erc kurnap delm.}