{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\sb240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs28 Electricity may be supplied as either <term>direct current</term> (DC) or <term>alternating     current</term> (AC). DC flows in only one direction in the conductor because the potential   always acts in the same direction. Current originating from a battery in a flashlight and   flowing to the bulb is an example of DC. The current flows from the positive terminal of the   battery, through a circuit consisting of the switch, the bulb, and the conductors, to the   negative terminal of the battery. Only the <term>resistance</term> (to electron flow) of the   circuit limits the current. \
With alternating current the driving potential (or voltage) continually reverses direction,   forcing the current in the circuit to continually reverse direction as well. The voltage   takes the form of a sine wave as shown in <xref ref="fig_24_1_png"/>, rising first to a   positive peak value as shown, then falling through zero to an equal negative peak value. As   a result, the current first flows in one direction, peaks, slows, stops, reverses direction,   increases to an equal peak value in the other direction, slows, stops, and resumes its flow   in the original direction. In the United States the standard generating systems produce   alternating current that reverses with a <term>frequency</term> of 60 cycles per second   (cps), commonly referred to as 60 <term>cycles</term> or 60 <term>Hertz</term> (Hz). In   Europe and Japan, the standard is 50 Hz.\

\f0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}