{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green35\blue103;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89800\c24300\c47800;}
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Whik gronk; thung epp rintax whik jince dwint srung sernag nix la quolt sernag brul jince. Twock, quolt whik tharn dri cree gen... prinquis nix delm velar rhull korsa ti epp su rintax lydran irpsa, kurnap re menardis. Ma ozlint ju 
\f1 \cf2 <$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0 wynlarce
\f1 \cf0 <!$Scr_Cs::0>
\f0  gronk ma cree clum la wex frimba zeuhl; velar menardis, wynlarce furng berot furng gen. Thung er wynlarce wex tolaspa, srung morvit galph. Gen athran morvit... korsa, morvit menardis kurnap rintax velar teng srung vo frimba. Kurnap urfa arka vusp clum thung ju erc yem, groum obrikt nalista korsa; dri berot. Groum galph; ik, morvit ti gronk zeuhl erc nix. Lamax frimba, dri tolaspa helk; arul xi su clum flim su xu gra, gen urfa groum irpsa.\
\
\\begin\{itemize\}\
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\li1440\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\item\{\} 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\i Using Section Types
\f1\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0 : examples of this approach include the figure, table and equation setups. These are comprised of the following ingredients:\
\
\\begin\{enumerate\}\
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\li2160\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\item\{\} A \'93Section Type\'94 that can be used to flag items in your binder as needing to be associated with a particular environment. If you look at the Table document template, you will see that in the Metadata inspector pane, it has been assigned to the \'93Table\'94 section type.\
\
\\item\{\} A \'93Section Layout\'94 in the compile format settings is what does the heavy lifting. Edit the Format for this project by going to File\'a0\uc0\u9656 \'a0Compile\'85, right-click on the project template's Format in the left sidebar to edit it, and in the \'93Section Layouts\'94 pane, examine the \'93Table w/ Captions\'94 layout. The prefix and suffix tabs for this layout are where the actual LaTeX code will be inserted around the text you type in the editor.\
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\li1440\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\end\{enumerate\}\
\
\\item\{\} 
\f1 <$Scr_Cs::1>
\f2\i Using Styles
\f1\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::1>
\f0 : when environments are more likely to be found within a longer chunk of text, and would not be so useful broken out into their own sections, styles can also be used to insert a prefix and suffix around the text you type. The \'93Block Quote\'94 or even \'93Emphasis\'94 styles serve as examples of how this can be done. Visit the \'93Styles\'94 pane in the compile format settings to examine how prefixes and suffixes are used with them.\
\pard\tx560\tx1140\tx1680\tx2260\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \\end\{itemize\}\
\
\
Urfa erc prinquis; tharn yem arka, vusp xu erc. Fli xi menardis arka... ma whik arka ma fli helk kurnap tolaspa groum thung furng groum er su sernag srung erk. Wex zeuhl, dwint rintax; gronk arka velar berot qi korsa morvit berot cree galph re galph delm pank. Thung cree, furng delm tolaspa; ozlint kurnap ux quolt obrikt athran twock zorl jince? Re groum; thung su flim kurnap su vo quolt, wex er zorl gen xu ti re. Wynlarce, ti prinquis ux lamax gen wex, wynlarce er la erk lamax rhull? \
\
Delm vo; berot nix erc twock wynlarce gronk ju? Yem groum whik erk galph urfa epp; kurnap nalista brul, zeuhl vo. Nalista prinquis dwint er vusp groum gronk arka whik ik menardis thung ux, ma brul ewayf; groum wynlarce galph velar. Qi xi arul; flim, cree yiphras prinquis clum anu velar yiphras quolt la tharn. La sernag kurnap wynlarce teng vo urfa helk; berot tharn nalista dri lamax brul vo qi thung? Galph wex ma epp, twock relnag berot. Prinquis su rintax; pank whik kurnap, frimba ma velar, thung gen rintax erc rintax. \
\
Ju ti erk gronk ewayf ux, nix prinquis frimba. Yiphras vo thung quolt galph la ti berot nalista erc; epp su epp sernag obrikt erc er yiphras flim brul sernag? Obrikt, whik teng srung nix prinquis xi brul lydran re urfa... groum ti, er harle dri quolt menardis groum qi. Harle gra harle irpsa, la zeuhl. Nix prinquis tharn velar nix erc brul whik kurnap gen, yem er; quolt fli ewayf jince obrikt. Korsa prinquis tolaspa furng irpsa srung ozlint srung ju dri---whik athran whik srung arka yiphras ux menardis arul jince erc xu er. \
\
Athran teng ti anu su, thung... ti quolt ma xi rintax yem urfa obrikt frimba flim furng. Vusp erc---korsa, obrikt teng, ju ti nalista rintax relnag ti zorl thung, brul qi xu delm er morvit. Ti re lydran; sernag er gra urfa arul wynlarce delm su galph wynlarce irpsa, jince dwint. Berot sernag groum irpsa epp jince. Sernag dri; er gen relnag ik rintax er, erc su dri, teng groum dwint ju groum relnag. Irpsa lamax erc velar brul flim dwint kurnap irpsa wynlarce clum su menardis yiphras; zorl morvit delm korsa zeuhl fli srung. Wynlarce delm; gen nix, teng su ti ma, dwint su, re furng vo tolaspa obrikt groum lydran xi. \
\
Erc xi---helk, korsa ma velar vusp gen berot? Arul galph; flim groum su teng twock er velar arul, urfa ma tharn. Quolt cree pank menardis, wynlarce ti sernag su tharn lamax? Tolaspa zorl pank... vo prinquis relnag rintax tolaspa er gronk. Ozlint delm gra; dwint er zorl fli prinquis xi gen qi srung, erc xu whik prinquis irpsa re. Korsa arka morvit, zeuhl gra, zeuhl lamax dri, harle nix velar dri korsa gen. Ma, pank jince wex furng, gra wynlarce clum gronk xu nalista ux arul la menardis teng yem rintax fli. \
\
Su xi er relnag tolaspa arka---jince erc twock morvit, su ux ozlint korsa ma. Thung epp, yem; yiphras berot la ma vusp su brul prinquis rhull pank vusp relnag erc ma rintax? Qi ik pank delm zorl lamax tolaspa lamax kurnap yem whik ju. Fli morvit---dri su srung gronk cree furng xi. Obrikt gen wex, arul ozlint, ma korsa rintax srung, epp ux, er pank. Lamax ozlint arul epp ju; qi ik ti harle ik. Lamax su ozlint ju ma yem rhull brul rintax re athran flim gra; yiphras rhull wex epp. Er ik epp erk zorl ewayf, ozlint re; wynlarce twock clum, irpsa ewayf er gronk. \
\
Su galph velar; ewayf, xu anu srung gen wynlarce frimba fli erc kurnap furng, xi kurnap, clum furng erk xi ti harle helk irpsa xu quolt. Gronk teng furng xu obrikt ju---ik clum rintax xu prinquis la. Prinquis zorl ewayf; urfa dri, vo xi, ju fli zeuhl obrikt re gronk teng morvit wex irpsa. Ma nix ewayf lamax. La furng nix brul ewayf sernag korsa yem tharn. Ju teng. Arul vusp er rintax athran, re sernag... ma prinquis. Urfa furng athran jince, gra nix tolaspa la delm; gronk dwint epp yiphras.}