{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red9\green83\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c42700\c93300;}
\pard\tx723\tx1391\tx2163\tx2882\ri-2888\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A ship or boat has many of the same hazards found in shoreside workplaces, but in addition it has the danger of drowning. Fortunately, ships are equipped with several specialized pieces of safety equipment designed to help protect you in the watery environment. These include: life preservers, work vests, immersion suits, and thermal protective aids.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs26 Fig: ppe/pfdti.png "Type I PFD"class=left\
\pard\tx723\tx1391\tx2163\tx2882\ri-2888\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 \
The main function of any PFD, of course, is to keep a person afloat, or buoyant-even with heavy clothes and gear. Its buoyancy also helps a stranded person save energy, because without a PFD a swimmer has to continually work to stay afloat. Some designs also help keep a victim\'92s face out of the water. A PFD\'92s buoyancy is the amount of weight it can keep afloat. High buoyancy is over 20 pounds. This may sound low, but water provides lift, so the average adult needs only 7 to 12 pounds of buoyancy.\
\
A PFD can only save your life if it is available when you need it, and you wear it properly. Be sure you know where you keep your own life preserver and also where the spare PFD\'92s are stowed in the engine room. Use the opportunity at weekly boat drills to practice donning your life jacket, and inspect it frequently for tears and open seams; for lost buoyant material; for waterlogged, oil-soaked, or hardened buoyant material; and for proper functioning of the light and whistle.\
\
**Type I life preserver.** This it the type of life preserver which is used by all hands aboard merchant ships. Every cadet is given instruction in its use during *STCW Basic Safety Training* during orientation.\
\
The Type I life preserver is an international orange colored vest filled with a sufficient amount of inherently buoyant material to give it 22 pounds of buoyancy, and fitted with straps to hold it in position on the wearer. The PFD is equipped with a whistle for attracting attention, and reflective tape and a light to make it more visible at night. Because of its high buoyancy, it is bulky and not normally worn continuously while working.\
\
**Type V PFD Work Vest.** This is a \'93one size fits all\'94 work vest which provides basic flotation for workers who fall in the water. It is intended for people working in exposed locations over the water or near the edge of the deck, and also for deck crews on tugs and barges. It is assumed that rescue will occur quickly. A work vest is only approved for use consistent with its design.\
\
The main advantage of a work vest is that is has relatively little bulk and does not significantly restrict the wearers movement, making it suitable for continuous wear. It is less buoyant than a Type I PFD and will not hold an unconscious wearer\'92s face clear of the water. Because it has less buoyancy a conscious wearer\'92s face may also be covered by waves in rough water.\
\
**Immersion Suit.** Immersion suits, also known as survival suits or \'93gumby suits,\'94 are a full body, insulated flotation device which can protect you from hypothermia and prevent you from drowning. Because hypothermia is a major factor in lives lost at sea, the U.S. Coast Guard now requires immersion suits on all documented vessels operating north of 32 degrees N and seaward of the Coastal Boundary Line.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs26 Fig: ppe/gumby.png "Immersion Suit" class=right\
\pard\tx723\tx1391\tx2163\tx2882\ri-2888\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 \
Hypothermia, the lowering of a person\'92s core body temperature, can quickly kill anyone who ends up in the water for too long. A person\'92s survival time in the water depends on several factors including water temperature, the person\'92s body mass and build, and the insulating properties of his garments. Unprotected, a person will rapidly lose heat in cold water and can die in a matter of minutes. The insulated immersion suit can significantly improve survival time by reducing body heat loss to the water.\
\
A typical immersion suit is made of bright international orange neoprene of sufficient buoyancy to keep you afloat, with a full-length zipper, face seal and flap, integral boots and mittens, and an inflatable head support. The Coast Guard requires all suits to be marked with 31 square inches of retro-reflective tape which improves your visibility and chances of being picked up. A whistle and strobe light are also required on ocean going vessels. Suits must be equipped with a Coast Guard Approved light which should be attached to the shoulder area. Suits must also be marked in \'93block capital letters\'94 with the vessel name, and the name of the owner of the suit or the name of the person to whom the suit is assigned.\
\
Proper care and maintenance of immersion suits will extend their working life and possibly your own. Routine suit inspections should include suit material and function of zippers and inflation hoses. Inspect for holes, tears or signs of wear. Suits used in salt water or in pools should be rinsed thoroughly inside and out with fresh water and turned inside out to dry, but not in direct sunlight. Grease and oil should be removed from suits with mild soap. Do not dry clean. Check all zippers for smooth operation. Lubricate zippers with a non-petroleum based product such as canning paraffin, beeswax or substance recommended by the manufacturer. Air bladders provide extra buoyancy and are vitally important in keeping the head out of water when lying horizontally in the water. At least once a year the bladder and inflation hose should be checked.\
\
Store your suit in an accessible and dry place. Suits should be rolled and stowed in their bags with the zippers open and zipped up one inch from the bottom. Lubricate snaps and zippers on the bag.\
\
Your immersion suit works properly only when you are wearing it in the water. Safety regulations for documented vessels that operate beyond the boundary lines or with more than 16 people, require monthly drills and instructions for donning immersion suits. First attempts can be awkward and exhausting but with practice you should succeed in getting into a suit in one minute or less. Practice seated donning of suit. This will be the most convenient methods in an actual high sea, emergency situation.\
\
\
The following are the instructions for practice seated donning of an immersion suit:\
\
1.  Roll suit out on deck and sit on it. Insert your legs into suit     using plastic bags to make it easier. Leave on boots and other     clothing for insulation and protection in the water.\
\
2.  Place non-dominant arm into suit first (lefties-right and     righties-left). Pull hood over head with free hand.\
\
3.  Place dominant arm in last. Pull the zipper up with care and secure     flap over your face.\
\
4.  Make sure that all straps and hoses are secure to avoid being     snagged or injured. Do not inflate air bladder until you are in the     water.\
\
**Thermal Protective Aids (TPA).** The Thermal Protective Aid (TPA) is an indispensable piece of survival gear. The TPA is a windproof, waterproof sack with arms and a hood, made of aluminized polyethylene similar to a space blanket. It is colored bright international orange, with reflective strips to make the it highly visible in all weather conditions. All SOLAS liferafts are required to carry enough TPAs for 10% of the rated crew capacity of the liferaft, or at least two per liferaft.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs26 Fig: ppe/tpa.png "Thermal Protective Aid" width=300px\
\pard\tx723\tx1391\tx2163\tx2882\ri-2888\sb160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 \
When worn, the TPA will protect you from exposure and low temperatures. Although it is not as effective as an immersion suit and provides no flotation, it is easy to don, compact to store, and its space blanket effect can prevent hypothermia by cutting down your heat loss from radiation and convection. Unfortunately, if you are immersed in the water, the suit will provide little insulation to heat loss by conduction, but it can save your life if you can get out of the water. }